## DEMO & EVALUATION

Date & Time:
- Friday 9 April (14:00 - 16:00)

Attendees:
- Noordhoff: Clifton Cunningham, Henk Haarsma
- Topicus: Erik Dikkers, Luke Niesink, Jorim van der Wijngaard
- TLN: Jannes Hessels
- Iddink: Edwin Verwoerd, Kees van Ginkel, Ben Koers
- BOOM: Willem Schaap
- SEM: Albert Jagt, Marchien van Doorn, Marcel Untied

### Demo

- Opening statement by Jannes:
  - Not able to demonstrate the API's and connections that are build because of existing errors
  - There will be a meeting Monday to determine were we stand and what will be possible
  - At the moment no commitment on when things will be ready

Followed by demonstrations by Topicus, Iddink and Noordhoff

- Clifton:
  - Impressed to see what we achieved/managed
  - Reassuring to see how far we are
  - Keen to close the last gaps

- Erik:
  - We are almost there
  - Need to finish the implementation of the webhooks & events and link to the entitlement API's of TLN and Iddink

- Edwin:
  - We are almost there and need to finish the last connections
  - Iddink will finish the last steps but at a lower pace

- Jannes:
  - Committed to deliver but not sure when

- Ben:
  - A memomerable moment to see that the educative chain can be serviced in an other way then the current chain (ECK)
    - It offers an opportunity to make access to content leading instead of folio logistics and administration
  - We have made a good step forward
  - Hope that we all come to a point that we are ready for the next steps
  - Like to see an overview of the gaps. Not clear what work needs to be done and how much time it will take

- Willem:
  - Nice to see things working

- Albert:
  - At the end of 2019 the CTO's made a plan for a new ecosystem which was translated to the document moving from a chain to an ecosystem
  - A year ago we were at the very beginning of this Proof of Concept.
  - It is very encouraging to see that we have developed and tested the API's. Instead of making plans and talking about it we really made something
  - People from multiple companies have worked together to come this far
  - How do we get this further?
    - Private but also in the public domain
  - Compliments for the people have worked on the Ecosystem

- Marcel:
  - I was there from the start of the PoC and it's good to see that we really achieved something with the different companies
  - It was sometimes difficult to determine what the progress was, but this demo shows that we made steps and are on the right way
  - Good work has been done and many thanks for the contributions

- Kees:
  - Working toegether would have sped up if we had worked in the same room. Hopefully we can change this in the future


### Evaluation

#### Current situation
- Made visible what was on paper last year
- It's a technical handschake, but it's there
- We established a way of work between multiple companies
- Created a technical base and common structure
- Progress and Results API
  - Shape is there with some challenges
  - Course Structure has to be discussed 

#### Next Steps
Short term (April):
- Finishing PoC for demo
  - Technical Advisory Board (22 April)
  - Steering Committee (23 April)
  - SEM Board - recorded (4 May)
- Finishing API's

**No demo in the review meeting (15 April)**

Missing/Unfinished Items:
- Consent flows
- Event definitions
- School indentifications
- Profile of messages
- Definition of content (CMI5)
- Progress and Results API

**Discuss above points in a technical session (4 hours) after development and linking the API's to prepare for the next phase**

Plan preparation sessions for next phase > Goal - Being able to start with next phase in September
- Business alignment (functional, administration, data)
- Evaluate/determine what schools have to do (setups and consent) in the new ecosystem
- Update & Finalize documentation for partners who want to participate

Next Phase (September):
- Implement API's ecosystemen within companies. Make connections with backend
- Possibly use some parts in the current chain (research possibilities)
- Focus on setups & consent if we want to do a real pilot


#### Evaluation PoC phase

Clifton:
- Biggest issue is the lack of face to face meetings
- Tough to get everybody in the same place in the same time
- Next phase: Consider to find someone who can do the documentation
- Marcels role is balanced/ok

Kees:
- Technical alignment and establishing designs can bettter be done face to face

Edwin:
- Don't know if it could be better, companies have other things to do (priority and planning)
- More face to face would be better

Jorim:
- In the last weeks we managed to find each other in slack to make progress
- Difficult that API's were not available which complicated planning

Luke:
- Agree with the others
- We made it work but face to face would have been better for speed and alignment

Henk:
-	Might have been easier if we started with a common implementation
-	But therefore we would have met face to face
-	Slack helped although not everyone is there

Kees:
- Github and Stoplight are OK
- Process of making progress, contribution to Github took to long (discussions, desicions)
- Worked hard to finish before April. Now too less time left for making connections
- Project plans of companies not in line
- Slack helps
- Getting aligned was difficult
- Speed is OK, but synchronisation between the companies could have been better
-	Reference implementation would help

Reference implemntation:
-	Agree in next steps what options there are
-	Facilitate new partners to estimate the effort to be made
-	Esp. seeing what other API s exist and have to be connected to
-	And being able to see how this al fits in your workflow (back office integration)

Jannes:
-	Availability needs improve for TLN
-	Doing different things at different times is indeed an issue

Marchien:
-	Delivering as promised/plannes was not always the case
-	Made it very hard esp. for Marcel some times to make progress
-	Think about ways to enable new joiners to make an estimation about the efforts they have to make to join up

Erik:
-	Decisions: not always clear where they are made

Appointments:
- Edwin, Kees, Jorim and Henk will be invited to the tech board, 22th en 23th live  and record (take the best one for board resenttion May 4th). Meanwhile contact via slack
